 Amrutha lakshmi priya Mallemoggala  
+91  7416947602 | Sathupally , Telangana, India  amruthamallemoggala@gmail.com  | Clg Id – 22C61A0529   
https://www.linkedin.com/in/amrutha -lakshmi -priya -mallemoggala -0b6b8a354?  
 
 
Education   
- B.Tech  – Compu ter Science  Mother Teresa Institute  of Science and  
Technology  CGPA  - 8.0 2026 - Present  
- Intermediate  (MPC)  Shanthinikethan  Junior  College  Percentage  – 7.5%  May  2022 
- 10th  Class  (SSC)  Mother Theresa  Techno School   CGPA  – 10.0%  May  2020 
Professional  Summary     
● Motivated and enthusiastic student with a strong interest in technology and continuous learning. Possesses basic 
knowledge of computer fundamentals and problem -solving skills. Eager to gain practical experience and grow 
professionally in an entry -level role.  
      Technical  Skills  
● Programming  Languages:  Java- Basics , C - Basics,  Python   
● Web  Technologies:  HTML,  CSS 
● Databases:  SQL 
0 
Technical  Skills  
● Communication & Collaboration: Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with experience working in project 
teams.  
● Problem -Solving:  Strong  analytical  and logical  reasoning  abilities  to tackle  complex  challenges.  
● Adaptability  & Proactivity:  Quick  to learn  new  technologies  and eager  to take  on new  responsibilities.  
● Leadership  & Time  Management:  Demonstrated  ability  to manage  project  timelines  and work  effectively  toward  a 
common goal.  
 
Academic  Projects  
Room Occupancy Detection  
● Designed and implemented a room occupancy detection system using [PIR sensors / ultrasonic sensors / camera -based 
vision]  to identify real -time presence of people. . 
● Collected and processed sensor data to accurately classify occupied vs. unoccupied states  
● This  project  showcases  proficiency  in creating  functional  websites  and demonstrates  a strong  understanding  of 
database management to solve a real -world healthcare problem.  
 
Desktop Notifier Application  
● Developed a desktop notifier application that displays  real-time pop -up notifications on the user’s system for reminders and alerts. The 
application helps users stay updated without manually checking applications.  
● Designed and implemented a desktop notification system that generates instant alerts on the oper ating system for 
reminders, updates, and user -defined events . 
● Developed a desktop notifier application with secure event handling and minimal system permissions to avoid unauthorized acce ss. 
● Improved user productivity by reducing the need for manual monito ring. 
 
Certifications  
● Completed  PROGRAMMING ESSENTIAL IN C LANGUAGE - Cisco   
● Completed  PYTHON ESSESNTIAL 1 - Cisco  
● Completed BIGDATA COMPUTING  on NPTEL   
  
Interests  
● Listening  to Music,  Reading  Books,  Playing  Badminton  and Watching  Series.  
 
Declaration  
● I hereby declare  that all  of the above  furnished information  is true  to the best  of my  knowledg  
 
 
 
Place:  Sathupally                                                                                                                                Amrutha Lakshmi  Priya Mallemoggala        